/*
User Story / Gameplay
    2 player pong
Describe the gameplay
  there will be one player who controls the left paddle and then there will be another player controlling the right paddle

What are the conditions when the game begins?
    both players start with 0 points, the ball is on a radom side. the paddles are set in the middle on the side

Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
  game ends when one player reaches 5 points

What ifs will there be?
  if one side touches the ball and the other side didnt touch it the side that touches gets the point

Visual Game Components:things you see

What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
  the score, the ball, the paddles

Which will be static? (the board)
  the score and scoreboard

Which will be animated? (the box)
  the paddles, the ball, the scoreboard

What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
speedX, speedY, positionX, positionY, points, randomness of the ball start

Events / Logic
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
  keyboard events, if statements(if bouncing off the wall), score changing, paddles moving, randomness of start ball 

  How do those events affect the data of the program?
keyboard events: the way the paddles move
if statments: score changing and randomness of ball

For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
the keyboard events will cause the  keys s and w move the paddle up and down on the left side. it will also make the up and down key cause the right paddle to move up and down.
the if statements will make it that if the ball his a paddle it bounces off to the other side and it it goes past the paddle it will give the last person to hit the ball to get a point.

////
*/